dashboard/README.md, before:

# Souper Saver Sales Tracker Dashboard

This repository contains the files required to run the Souper Saver dashboard.

# Files

| Name                     | Description                                                                                            |
|--------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **`login.py`**           | Contains the code for the login/signup (initial) page of the dashboard.                                |
| **`pages`**              | Contains the various pages used in the app once the user is logged in.                                 |
| **`password`**           | Contains the files for the password verification functions.                                            |
| **`validate_url`**       | Contains the code for validating that a url is compatible with what we offer on our dashboard.         |
| **`dockerfile`**         | This file copies all of the relevant code for the dashboard and containerises the dashboard code.      |
| **`login_functions`**    | Contains the functions used in the login page of the dashboard.                                        |
| **`test_*.py`**          | Contains pytests for the named files.                                                                  |
| **`requirements.txt`**   | Lists the required libraries for running the code.                                                     |
| **`.streamlit`**         | Contains the configuration file for the dashboard theme.                                               |
| **`README.md`**          | This file, providing an overview and instructions for code deployment.                                 |


# Setup

The following instructions detail how to set up the Souper Saver Dashboard.

### Install Dependencies

First, ensure you will need to install the required libraries. You can install them using the following command:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Environment Variables

Environment variables are required for configuration of this application. A `.env` file must be created in the root directory
of the project including the following necessary variables.

```bash
DB_USER=username
DB_PASSWORD=password
DB_HOST=host
DB_PORT=port
DB_NAME=database_name
```


### Running the Dashboard Locally

To run the dashboard locally, you can use the following command:

```bash
streamlit run login.py
```

## Dockerising the Dashboard

The purpose of the dockerfile is to copy all of the relevant files (listed at the top of this README) and containerise them.

### Building the Docker Image

To build the Docker image, use the following command:

```bash
docker buildx build . -t {APP_NAME}:latest --platform "Linux/amd64" --provenance=false                                                                              
```

### Tagging the Image

To tag the Docker image for pushing to your repository, use the following command:

```bash
docker tag {APP_NAME}:latest {ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.{REGION}.amazonaws.com/{ECR_REPOSITORY}:latest
```


### Running the Docker Container

To run the Docker container, use the following command:

```bash
docker push {ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.{REGION}.amazonaws.com/{ECR_REPOSITORY}:latest
```

#### Note:

Replace code in `{}` with the relevant information.

Commit message:

added link back to top-level readme and note for dockerising

dashboard/README.md, after:

# Souper Saver Sales Tracker Dashboard

This repository contains the files required to run the Souper Saver dashboard.

# Files

| Name                   | Description                                                                                       |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **`login.py`**         | Contains the code for the login/signup (initial) page of the dashboard.                           |
| **`pages`**            | Contains the various pages used in the app once the user is logged in.                            |
| **`password`**         | Contains the files for the password verification functions.                                       |
| **`validate_url`**     | Contains the code for validating that a url is compatible with what we offer on our dashboard.    |
| **`dockerfile`**       | This file copies all of the relevant code for the dashboard and containerises the dashboard code. |
| **`login_functions`**  | Contains the functions used in the login page of the dashboard.                                   |
| **`test_*.py`**        | Contains pytests for the named files.                                                             |
| **`requirements.txt`** | Lists the required libraries for running the code.                                                |
| **`.streamlit`**       | Contains the configuration file for the dashboard theme.                                          |
| **`README.md`**        | This file, providing an overview and instructions for code deployment.                            |

# Setup

The following instructions detail how to set up the Souper Saver Dashboard.

### Install Dependencies

First, ensure you will need to install the required libraries. You can install them using the following command:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Environment Variables

Environment variables are required for configuration of this application. A `.env` file must be created in the root directory
of the project including the following necessary variables.

```bash
DB_USER=username
DB_PASSWORD=password
DB_HOST=host
DB_PORT=port
DB_NAME=database_name
```

### Running the Dashboard Locally

To run the dashboard locally, you can use the following command:

```bash
streamlit run login.py
```

## Dockerising the Dashboard

**NOTE**
We have created a workflow that upon triggering, will automatically dockerise the scripts, but below describes how you would manually do this.

The purpose of the dockerfile is to copy all of the relevant files (listed at the top of this README) and containerise them.

### Building the Docker Image

To build the Docker image, use the following command:

```bash
docker buildx build . -t {APP_NAME}:latest --platform "Linux/amd64" --provenance=false
```

### Tagging the Image

To tag the Docker image for pushing to your repository, use the following command:

```bash
docker tag {APP_NAME}:latest {ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.{REGION}.amazonaws.com/{ECR_REPOSITORY}:latest
```

### Running the Docker Container

To run the Docker container, use the following command:

```bash
docker push {ACCOUNT_ID}.dkr.ecr.{REGION}.amazonaws.com/{ECR_REPOSITORY}:latest
```

#### Note:

Replace code in `{}` with the relevant information.

## Back to top-level README

[Top-level README](../README.md)
