scraper/README.md, before:

# Scraper
This directory contains the ETL scripts for the e-commerce sites.

## Description
Each e-commerce site has its own directory containing all the files required to scrape that site.
- **`extract.py`**  
Defines functions for retrieving currently tracked products from the database and scraping their current prices.
- **`transform.py`**  
Contains functions that convert data to the correct data types and structure it into the required format.
- **`load.py`**  
Handles loading price updates into the database and includes the main handler function for running the script as an AWS Lambda.
- **`dockerfile`**  
Defines the container configuration for the ETL script.
- **`test_[file_name].py`**  
Includes unit tests for the corresponding `[file_name]` module.

## Getting Started

### Environment Setup
Create a `.env` file with the following variables:

```env
DB_USER=username
DB_PASSWORD=password
DB_HOST=host
DB_PORT=port
DB_NAME=database_name
```

### Requirements
- Access to a PostgreSQL [database](../database/README.md).
- Docker daemon running.

### Install Dependencies
First, you will need to install the required libraries. You can install them using the following command:
```bash
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

### Running Locally
```bash
python3 load.py
```

## Dockerising the ETL
The purpose of the dockerfile is to copy all of the relevant files and containerise them.

### Building the Docker Image
To build the Docker image, use the following command:
```bash
docker buildx build . -t [APP_NAME]:latest --platform "Linux/amd64" --provenance=false                                        
```

### Tagging the Image
To tag the Docker image for pushing to your repository, use the following command:
```bash
docker tag [APP_NAME]:latest [ACCOUNT_ID].dkr.ecr.[REGION].amazonaws.com/[ECR_REPOSITORY]:latest
```


### Running the Docker Container
To push the Docker container, use the following command:
```bash
docker push [ACCOUNT_ID].dkr.ecr.[REGION].amazonaws.com/[ECR_REPOSITORY]:latest
```

#### Note:
Replace code in `[]` with the relevant information.

Commit message:

added link back to top-level readme and note for dockerising

scraper/README.md, after:

# Scraper

This directory contains the ETL scripts for the e-commerce sites.

## Description

Each e-commerce site has its own directory containing all the files required to scrape that site.

- **`extract.py`**  
  Defines functions for retrieving currently tracked products from the database and scraping their current prices.
- **`transform.py`**  
  Contains functions that convert data to the correct data types and structure it into the required format.
- **`load.py`**  
  Handles loading price updates into the database and includes the main handler function for running the script as an AWS Lambda.
- **`dockerfile`**  
  Defines the container configuration for the ETL script.
- **`test_[file_name].py`**  
  Includes unit tests for the corresponding `[file_name]` module.

## Getting Started

### Environment Setup

Create a `.env` file with the following variables:

```env
DB_USER=username
DB_PASSWORD=password
DB_HOST=host
DB_PORT=port
DB_NAME=database_name
```

### Requirements

- Access to a PostgreSQL [database](../database/README.md).
- Docker daemon running.

### Install Dependencies

First, you will need to install the required libraries. You can install them using the following command:

```bash
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

### Running Locally

```bash
python3 load.py
```

## Dockerising the ETL

**NOTE**
We have created a workflow that upon triggering, will automatically dockerise the scripts, but below describes how you would manually do this.

The purpose of the dockerfile is to copy all of the relevant files and containerise them.

### Building the Docker Image

To build the Docker image, use the following command:

```bash
docker buildx build . -t [APP_NAME]:latest --platform "Linux/amd64" --provenance=false
```

### Tagging the Image

To tag the Docker image for pushing to your repository, use the following command:

```bash
docker tag [APP_NAME]:latest [ACCOUNT_ID].dkr.ecr.[REGION].amazonaws.com/[ECR_REPOSITORY]:latest
```

### Running the Docker Container

To push the Docker container, use the following command:

```bash
docker push [ACCOUNT_ID].dkr.ecr.[REGION].amazonaws.com/[ECR_REPOSITORY]:latest
```

#### Note:

Replace code in `[]` with the relevant information.

## Back to top-level README

[Top-level README](../README.md)
